Update CUDA 10.1 doc (#15082)
apache/incubator-mxnet: tools/pip/doc/CU101_ADDITIONAL.md

<!--- under the License. -->

Prerequisites
-------------
This package supports Linux and Windows platforms. You may also want to check:
- [mxnet-cu101mkl](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/mxnet-cu101mkl/) with CUDA-10.1 support and MKLDNN support.
- [mxnet-cu100](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/mxnet-cu100/) with CUDA-10.0 support.
- [mxnet-cu100mkl](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/mxnet-cu100mkl/) with CUDA-10.0 support and MKLDNN support.
- [mxnet-cu92](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/mxnet-cu92/) with CUDA-9.2 support.
- [mxnet-cu92mkl](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/mxnet-cu92mkl/) with CUDA-9.2 support and MKLDNN support.
- [mxnet-cu91](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/mxnet-cu91/) with CUDA-9.1 support.
- [mxnet-cu91mkl](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/mxnet-cu91mkl/) with CUDA-9.1 support and MKLDNN support.
- [mxnet-cu90](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/mxnet-cu90/) with CUDA-9.0 support.
- [mxnet-cu90mkl](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/mxnet-cu90mkl/) with CUDA-9.0 support and MKLDNN support.
- [mxnet-cu80](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/mxnet-cu80/) with CUDA-8.0 support.
- [mxnet-cu80mkl](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/mxnet-cu80mkl/) with CUDA-8.0 support and MKLDNN support.

> - [mxnet-cu75](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/mxnet-cu75/) with CUDA-7.5 support. Note that we doesn't maintain CUDA 7.5 anymore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [mxnet-cu75](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/mxnet-cu75/) with CUDA-7.5 support. Note that CUDA 7.5 is no longer maintained.
```

> - [mxnet-cu75mkl](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/mxnet-cu75mkl/) with CUDA-7.5 support and MKLDNN support. Note that we doesn't maintain CUDA 7.5 anymore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [mxnet-cu75mkl](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/mxnet-cu75mkl/) with CUDA-7.5 support and MKLDNN support. Note that CUDA 7.5 is no longer maintained.
```

- [mxnet-mkl](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/mxnet-mkl/) with MKLDNN support.
- [mxnet](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/mxnet/) without MKLDNN and CUDA support.

To download CUDA, check [CUDA download](https://developer.nvidia.com/cuda-downloads). For more instructions, check [CUDA Toolkit online documentation](http://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/index.html).

> To install for other platforms (e.g. Windows, Raspberry Pi/ARM) or other versions of CUDA, check [Installing MXNet](https://mxnet.incubator.apache.org/versions/master/install/index.html) for instructions on building from source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install for other platforms (e.g. Windows, Raspberry Pi/ARM) or other versions of CUDA, check [Installing MXNet](https://mxnet.incubator.apache.org/versions/master/install/index.html?platform=Devices&language=Python&processor=CPU) for instructions on building from source.
```
